let's bring in Maan bashara he's Al's
senior political analyst and joins us
now live from Paris so Maan we're
hearing that Israel is sending a
delegation to Doha reportedly as soon as
Sunday where are the negotiations
at they're still marching in place but
they're certainly uh wrangling over
details I think the end game for Israel
is that they want to continue with the
war the end game for Hamas is that they
want to end the war want a permanent
ceasefire the Israelis are yet to get on
board and I think the Americans are
still trying to bridge both by
basically making promises that if Hamas
accepts a transitional ceasefire that it
could eventually lead to a permanent
ceasefire I don't think it's convincing
thus far but they remain wrangling over
the details and we do feel that the US
pressure on Netanyahu in particular is
ramping up to what extent do you think
this is affecting his
decisions I don't think it's affecting
it I think it's probably adding pressure
in order for Netanyahu government to
present a plan they will present a plan
they always have attack plan as it were
or a plan of attack uh they did so
before the land invasion in the third
week of October oober if you remember
the Americans demanded it the Israelis
delivered it and what did we have as a
result a
genocide the same thing happened uh few
weeks later when the Israelis promised
Lincoln that they will be respecting
abiding by International humanitarian
law and thousands more children and
thousands more uh women died who were
killed after that so any such promises
really are uh deflection they are
nonsensical
what needs to happen is an end to the
war what the America's message to Israel
should be not a plan for war a plan for
war against 400,000 instead of 1,400,000
is no better really in the end of the
day because as that woman that very wise
bitter and um hurting woman said in your
report it is you know the Palestinians
don't want charity they don't want your
food and Aid and they don't want uh you
know Western
sympathy they don't want even
understanding what they want is the end
of the war so that children have a
future that's what she said and she's
very correct because this whole mess and
everything that's been accumulating on
top of it of this diplomatic circus and
so-called negotiations and so-called
pressure all of that is basically
deflecting from the real dras that
unfolding in plain sight which is the
war the slaughter the genocide continues
inated as it did today so instead of the
you know air dropping of food instead of
bringing it by ships instead of even
bringing it by truck the Palestinians
are more than capable to feed themselves
they are more capable to govern
themselves if only the West stops
supporting Israel's genocidal war
against him that has been going on for
decades not just
months M bash joining us there from
Paris thanks very much
Mar